Hey guys, the t-shirts for our movie came in.
Ooh!
Perfect timing, we can wear them to our screening event tonight.
Ooh perfect timing, I've been meaning to do laundry. Now I don't have to.
Um wait a second.
What?
There's no more guys shirts in here. It's only girls tank tops.
Well, I'm already wearing this shirt, so...
So what? Let me try.
No!
I don't want to wear a girl's tank top.
There's only one way to settle this then.
[music starts]
Oh, yeah.
[sigh]
All right Christine, who won?
It's no contest. Just give me the shirt.
No.
Look this whole thing was a waste of time. We all know who should wear the shirt to the event
Yes, me, because everyone wants to take pictures with me. I should wear it.
Yeah, they take pictures with you because you hog the camera.
We all know who the fans want to see.
You guys are always taking the attention. Give the new guys a chance! You old.
Shut it Taylor. You have no idea what you're... [talking over one another]
Enough!
Look at you guys bickering and taking cheap shots at each other.
Over what? A t-shirt?
Are you forgetting what's on the shirt? It's the movie that we made with each other.
Together. As one.
Forever.
Eternally.
Who cares who wears the t-shirt? What's most important is that we made a great film that touched many lives all over the world!
Don't forget what really matters okay? It's our family, and the support of our fans.
So f***ing get over it!
[music]
Let me try... Oh God. That was so hard sorry. Sorry sorry!
I don't want to wear a girls tank top.
You guys are always taking the detention
Wait! Sorry- I meant-
Just go!
I don't want to!
Looks like you won the guys t-shirt!
Yeah, I think this fits a little bit better for me
That's good!
Just like you saw in the episode,
we made some very limited edition tank tops, t-shirts and phone cases. If you guys like this shirt,
it's actually based off our movie poster, and it's only available for ten days
So make sure you click the link below and get it while you can.
Plus they're super comfy like I've been wearing mine for like three days
Me, too
By getting one of these shirts, you are directly helping Wong Fu productions make more videos and series like Offline.
And once you get your shirt, make sure you wear it and hashtag Everything Before Us, so we can see it and maybe repost your photo
So don't wait because once the campaign is over you'll never be able to get one of these ever again. Don't delay. Oh!
Don't de-Tay
What are you doing back here?
I don't know